I'm here at Islands restaurants in
Redondo Beach California where we're
going to learn how to make their
signature Hawaiian burger
join us on get the dish and find out the
secrets behind the signature recipes of
famous eateries and how you can recreate
them at home islands restaurants was
founded in 1982 by tony to grazier with
a philosophy of recreating that carefree
feeling after spending a day at the
beach followed by the best burger and
fries Myesha smith has been with a
company over seventeen years and has
been everything from hostess to manager
and has a strong passion for food people
and service let's go I did not wait what
is it about the wine burger that just
keeps people coming back for more
what's the unique flavors of the
Hawaiian burger fresh grilled pineapple
and the teriyaki sauce just makes you
want to take a bite every single time
make sure what's the first thing that we
need to do to make the Hawaiian burger
well the first thing we're going to do
is get our fresh sliced pineapple we're
going to take it right on over the grill
and put two slices on now I understand
you guys use a lot of pineapple islands
14,000 pounds per week that is crazy yes
7,000 pineapples for me so that's what
our guys are cutting and this is really
going to bring out that smoky flavor
kind of caramelize it a little bit
yes that's what makes our burger so
unique using fresh ingredients so while
that's cooking we're going to go ahead
and get the burger patties
Wow look how big that burger is Island
has the biggest burger we do Pacific so
we're going to season our burgers with
our special Island seasoning just about
three shakes is fine and you guys wait
to season the burger - lets on the grill
look at a purpose is that sir it
actually brings out the seasoning a
little bit better once it's actually on
the burger versus before great I love
that tip alright and how long are we
gonna cook the burger for I usually cook
it between 6 and 7 minutes
so Malaysia what are the common mistakes
that people make when they're making
burgers well you have to be patient
oftentimes the mistake is they press
down on the burger which takes all the
juices out so when you're patient you
just watch the juices rise and then
we're ready to flip all right oh you can
flip that burger on over for us oh so
yummy so after the flip we immediately
get our Swiss cheese and put it right on
that is another tip you put on the
cheese right away and we're having Swiss
cheese we are using switch to use today
for that point and you already see that
it's starting to caress the burger patty
really nicely melted so we really want
to wait till that melts down a little
bit more we did already flip the
pineapple so the pineapple is almost
ready as well we're going to actually
put the pineapple right on there so just
like the burger patties and the
pineapple we put our buns on the grill
as well so we want to make sure they're
nicely toasted as you see here you have
a nice toasted bun and that really
enhances the flavor so it's nice and
crispy inside but flavorful and soft on
the outside perfect you know this is the
best part now we're gonna assemble the
burger yes with the first component okay
so we're taking our nice grilled bottom
bun and we're going coast to coast with
the mani so we are not shy with our
portions I love that because I love
mayonnaise perfect yes you coast to
coast right across the bottom of the
bunch so it's all nice to even now we're
going to add a little bit of lettuce
just
handful
and then a slice of onion
I love it cuz we're gonna get the crunch
of the onion and then the crunch of the
pie now yes
and all of our produce is cut fresh in
every day so you get you really want to
make sure you are using fresh bottom to
get really enhancing flavors and then
we're going to grab our burger patty
okay we have the manis covered bun the
crisp lettuce the onion the tomato and
then that juicy piece of beef the melted
Swiss and that smoky juicy pineapple
that kind of gives it that little sweet
factor right exactly and then the last
thing we're going to do which is up my
all-time favorite is putting a nice
hearty scoop full of teriyaki right on
top of the burger oh my goodness an
entire scoop of that and then you'll
start to kind of see that crepe down
through the cheese and the burger patty
and then we're gonna top it with our
nice crisp oh my gosh Myesha I cannot
wait to try this burger
I know it's delicious and I have a
perfect pineapple cocktail instead of
partner them very well yeah let's go to
the bar
this is the Makaha margarita now we've
taken that grilled pineapple that we
grill on the grill it's used it with our
tequila for three whole days just for
this one drink and then we also have
muddled pineapple in there and then you
have a garnish with pineapple and the
pineapple leaf so we literally use the
entire pie now and then this cinnamon
sugar rim is so good this is so
refreshing and light and absolutely
transports me to Hawaii yes all right
Maya I am dying to dig right into the
weinberger please do all right
yourself ahh it is crazy huge how am I
gonna do the whole thing
Oh so you should be taking that teriyaki
fresh oh my gosh it is so when I
delicious and oh and then the pineapple
it's so sweet with in a savory teriyaki
yeah I could see why someone would want
to order this every single time and you
cannot come here and get burgers without
getting their fries and these are
endless endless fries so you asked for
more fries ask for another drink
and it's the perfect 19:30 oh this is so
delicious Maya thank you so much for
teaching me how to make this you were
awesome
cheers Cheers and thank you for watching
and we'll see you next time on pop sugar